Check that the doc code works (#675)
huggingface/smolagents: docs/source/en/tutorials/memory.md

<!--Copyright 2024 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->
# 📚 Manage your agent's memory

[[open-in-colab]]

In the end, an agent can be defined by simple components: it has tools, prompts.

> And most importantly, it has a memory of past steps, that draw a history of planning, execution, errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And most importantly, it has a memory of past steps, drawing a history of planning, execution, and errors.
```

### Replay your agent's memory

> We propose several features for inspecting the run of a past agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We propose several features to inspect a past agent run.
```

> You can instrument the agent's run to display it in a great UI that lets you zoom in/out of specific steps, as highlighted in [the instrumentation guide](./inspect_runs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can instrument the agent's run to display it in a great UI that lets you zoom in/out on specific steps, as highlighted in the [instrumentation guide](./inspect_runs).
```

You can also use `agent.replay()`, as follows:

After the agent has run:
```py
from smolagents import HfApiModel, CodeAgent

agent = CodeAgent(tools=[], model=HfApiModel(), verbosity_level=0)

result = agent.run("What's the 20th Fibonacci number?")
```

If you want to replay this last run, just use:
```py
agent.replay()
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Dynamically change the agent's memory

Many advanced use cases require dynamic modification of the agent's memory.

You can access the agent's memory using:

```py
from smolagents import ActionStep

system_prompt_step = agent.memory.system_prompt
print("The system prompt given to the agent was:")
print(system_prompt_step.system_prompt)

task_step = agent.memory.steps[0]
print("\n\nThe first task step was:")
print(task_step.task)

for step in agent.memory.steps:
    if isinstance(step, ActionStep):
        if step.error is not None:
            print(f"\nStep {step.step_number} got this error:\n{step.error}\n")
        else:
            print(f"\nStep {step.step_number} got these observations:\n{step.observations}\n")
```

Use `agent.memory.get_full_steps()` to get full steps as dictionaries.

You can also use step callbacks to dynamically change the agent's memory.

> Step callbacks can access the `agent` itself in their arguments, so they can access any memory step as highlighted above, and change it if needed. For instance, let's say you are observing screenshots of each step performed a web browser agent. You want to log the newest screenshot, and remove the images from ancient steps to save on token costs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step callbacks can access the `agent` itself in their arguments, so they can access any memory step as highlighted above, and change it if needed. For instance, let's say you are observing screenshots of each step performed by a web browser agent. You want to log the newest screenshot, and remove the images from ancient steps to save on token costs:
```

```py
import helium
from PIL import Image
from io import BytesIO
from time import sleep

def update_screenshot(memory_step: ActionStep, agent: CodeAgent) -> None:
    sleep(1.0)  # Let JavaScript animations happen before taking the screenshot
    driver = helium.get_driver()
    latest_step = memory_step.step_number
    for previous_memory_step in agent.memory.steps:  # Remove previous screenshots from logs for lean processing
        if isinstance(previous_memory_step, ActionStep) and previous_memory_step.step_number <= latest_step - 2:
            previous_memory_step.observations_images = None
    png_bytes = driver.get_screenshot_as_png()
    image = Image.open(BytesIO(png_bytes))
    memory_step.observations_images = [image.copy()]
```

Then you should pass this function in the `step_callbacks` argument upon initialization of your agent:

```py
CodeAgent(

>     tools=[DuckDuckGoSearchTool(), go_back, close_popups, search_item_ctrl_f],

Reviewer: These are not imported in current guide (and will raise an error in converted notebook).

Author: Yes! I skipped this since it's from the entier script, and the example is too complicated to put as a whole.
Maybe we can just put a disclaimer there like "this won't run as a stand-alone, visit the whole script to see how it works"?

    model=model,
    additional_authorized_imports=["helium"],
    step_callbacks=[update_screenshot],
    max_steps=20,
    verbosity_level=2,
)
```

Head to our [vision web browser code](https://github.com/huggingface/smolagents/blob/main/src/smolagents/vision_web_browser.py) to see the full working example.

### Run agents one step at a time

This can be useful in case you have tool calls that take days: you can just run your agents step by step.

> This will also let you do update to memory on each step.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
This will also let you update the memory on each step.
```

```py

> from smolagents import HfApiModel, CodeAgent, ActionStep, SystemPromptStep, TaskStep

Reviewer: You never use `SystemPromptStep`.
```suggestion
from smolagents import HfApiModel, CodeAgent, ActionStep, TaskStep
```

agent = CodeAgent(tools=[], model=HfApiModel(), verbosity_level=1)
print(agent.memory.system_prompt)

task = "What is the 20th Fibonacci number?"

# You could modify the memory as needed here by inputting the memory of another agent.
# agent.memory.steps = previous_agent.memory.steps

# Let's start a new task!
agent.memory.steps.append(TaskStep(task=task, task_images=[]))

final_answer = None
step_number = 1
while final_answer is None and step_number <= 10:
    memory_step = ActionStep(
        step_number=step_number,
        observations_images=[],
    )
    # Run one step.
    final_answer = agent.step(memory_step)
    agent.memory.steps.append(memory_step)
    step_number += 1

    # Change the memory as you please!
    # For instance to update the latest step:
    # agent.memory.steps[-1] = ...

print("The final answer is:", final_answer)

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
